docs: update intro to point to quickstart and unleash plans (#8292)
Unleash/unleash: website/docs/feature-flag-tutorials/use-cases/gradual-rollout.md

## How to Perform a Gradual Rollout with Unleash

> To follow along with this tutorial, you will need an Unleash instance. If you’d prefer to self-host Unleash, read our [Quick Start documentation](/quickstart). Alternatively, if you’d like your project to be hosted by Unleash, go to [www.getunleash.io](https://www.getunleash.io/plans?_gl=1*1ka2wb0*_gcl_au*MTIxNzI5NDM5MC4xNzI3MTk3Njc2*_ga*MTA3MjUwMjc2Ni4xNzI3MTk3Njc0*_ga_492KEZQRT8*MTcyNzQzNDM3Ny41LjEuMTcyNzQzNDM5Ny40MC4wLjA).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To follow along with this tutorial, you will need an Unleash instance. If you’d prefer to self-host Unleash, read our [Quick Start documentation](/quickstart). Alternatively, if you’d like your project to be hosted by Unleash, go to [getunleash.io](https://www.getunleash.io/pricing).
```
